Have you forgotten you're human?
It'd be utterly senseless
to come with me.
It's my destiny to stand
by your side, my lord.
It's the one place I belong.
So be it.
[KEITH]
What a dream.
What peaceful
slumber for a traitor.
[KEITH yells]
Lady Aileen?
Whoa, there.
What brings you
outside of the barrier?
[BELZEBUTH]
As if you don't know.
Sir Keith.
You're hiding a despicable
truth from Lord Claude, yes?
Care to come clean, darling?
I found myself rather
perturbed by how hush-hush
you remained when conducting
your embezzlement investigation.
Thus, I did a little
digging of my own.
Much to my dismay,
I imagine my secret selling
of demons is secret no longer.
Is that the contract
of sale for the land?
How did you acquire it?
I confess, I might've asked
Father to pull a few strings.
My situation is growing
dire, you know.
I don't.
Well, allow me to illustrate.
I'm certain you've heard
of Lady Lilia by now.
While it's true her
Sword Maiden powers
don't have any tremendous
effect on Lord Claude
in his human form, if he
awakens to his demonic form,
she'll be able to
conquer him with ease.
According to the legend,
when the demon lord
can no longer stifle
his rage and anguish,
these feelings will consume him,
and he'll transform
into a dragon.
Can you pinpoint anything
mankind could do
to trigger that reaction?
Here's an idea:
they prove his aide
betrayed him,
which leads him to kill
the one he trusted most.
[AILEEN]
Keith Eigrid.
He's been serving Lord Claude
since they were both
little kids.
If it weren't for Lord Claude,
my flame would've been snuffed
to ash many years ago.
When I was around
five years old,
I slipped while playing near
the pond in the garden.
I was sure I would drown.
He could've abandoned me.
I was a lowly servant,
after all.
--[MAIDS gasp]
--[KEITH] But no.
He risked using magic
in front of the others,
and it saved my life.
He had exposed his
powers as a demon lord
and was banished from
the castle a few years later.
Though humanity at large
wanted nothing to do with him,
I refused to let him
give up on mankind.
I thought the day would
eventually come
when the two forces
could live in harmony.
I was incredibly naïve
back in those days.
I soon learned
mankind is horrid.
You would kick him off the land?
He bought it from you;
I've seen the contract!
You must be the one
who signed my name.
Forgery is a serious crime, boy!
This won't be taken lightly.
Those demons your master hoards
are worth a pretty penny.
Sell me a few and
I'll let this slide.
[KEITH]
It was wrong.
But I have a human mind
only capable of foolish
human decisions.
Perhaps Lord Claude would
be happier as a demon
than as a member
our loathsome kind.
Listen, Keith.
Your primary weakness
is that you suffer from
a lack of human allies.
Tis a shame.
But perhaps you'll
find an ally in me.
[AILEEN] We're coming up
on a major plot point.
The player character can
do serious damage here.
Lilia and Cédric play
detective and investigate
the demon trade.
They find out Keith
is behind it.
And report the whole
thing to Lord Claude.
They stake out to
catch Keith in the act,
but find Lord Claude
took care of the issue
and murdered his closest friend.
Overcome with emotion,
he turns into a dragon
and Lilia defeats him
with the holy sword.
And just like that,
it's game over.
So first those spoiled
sadists break his heart
and then his beautiful,
beautiful body?
Who could've dreamt
up such a thing?!
I despise this scenario
to my very core.
[ISAAC]
I wish this were a joke.
But knowing you,
it's likely not,
so let's devise a plan quickly.
Once we solve
this small dilemma,
the Oberon Company
will profit handsomely.
Worry yourselves not,
for I have a trump card!
Do you, now?
Yes! It's me, trump card Keith!
As of today, I am amongst
your underling ranks!
[LUC]
Underling?
My lord trusts your lady
so much he loaned her
my services without
asking a single question
before I left!
Hopefully the man won't
hurt himself trying
to locate the tea leaves!
We're still within his
barrier, aren't we?
The demon lord
surely heard that jab.
Now, my gifted
gaggle of geniuses,
scheme to your heart's content!
Promptly share any
progress you make--
Danger! Danger!
The enemies have returned!
Enemies, you say? It can't be.
Leave this place immediately.
Your attempts to scare
us away are pointless.
We have my Lilia, the Holy
Sword Maiden, on our side.
Please, listen.
We believe your aide Keith is
selling demons to turn a profit.
We could've very easily
continued our investigation
without cluing you in.
Lilia felt you should know.
[AILEEN]
Your concern is unwarranted.
Hello! It's great to
see you, Lady Aileen.
You look radiant,
but no surprise there.
We've been over this, dear.
Unless you are close friends,
which I assure you we are not,
you should wait until the
person of higher status
greets you to speak to them.
It's a pity yet another lesson
has been entirely lost on you.
I was lounging in the other
room and couldn't help
but overhear you babbling
nonsense about the sale
of demons.
It's true! What's more, this
means the non-aggression pact
was violated!
Well, that's hilarious,
because it doesn't.
[LILIA]
But how?
It's an issue of
morality, not legality.
Fine! But don't you feel bad
for the innocent creatures
being treated like pawns?
Let the adults take care
of adult matters, love.
As future empress, there are
worlds of self-improvement
you could busy yourself with.
I understand I hurt you,
but be nice!
--Lilia!
--[LILIA crying]
Please, dear!
[KEITH] Lord Claude, there's
something I must tell you.
Say your peace.
However...
I would like to complete
the work lady Aileen
has tasked me with first,
if that's acceptable.
I refuse to leave my
mistakes unaddressed.
After all, an aide's duty is to
bring pride to their lord!
[CLAUDE]
Understood.
Prepare yourself for our
eventual conversation.
That traitor.
He's been selling our
comrades this whole time.
All the demons volunteered
to be sold knowing
they were playing a key role
in keeping their lord safe.
On top of that, Sir Keith
did all he could to ensure
the buyers would be good
to them after purchase.
[BELZEBUTH growls]
I know that.
I know he tried, but...
I'm not your pet.
I think I know what's going on.
Keith was shouldering this
massive burden on his own
and it's left you questioning
your own contributions
and utility to Lord Claude.
Silence!
When will the petting cease?
When you begin to feel better.
Well, then I feel great.
This is exactly how it
goes down in the game.
Lady Lilia should be
hiding in those bushes.
Wait, she's not?!
[PENNE] Oh! I see you have
quite the haul for me today!
[KEITH] I heard a funny
story, Count Penne.
It has to do with the land
you've long promised us.
Apparently, you sold it
to someone else.
[PENNE] I-I don't know
what you're talking about.
Then you must be getting
forgetful, old man.
I've seen the contract of sale
between you and Duke d'Autriche
with my own two eyes.
So, I propose you hand
over that account book
and never contact me again.
I need that!
Get him, boys! Now!
--[MAN A] Get back here!
--[MAN C] Hand it over!
[HENCHMEN yell]
Oh, my!
[ALMOND]
Just as we practiced!
Look! They escaped!
[HENCHMAN A]
Damn!
Just focus on the account book!
If it goes public, I'm ruined!
Get it back, even if
you have to kill him!
[KEITH] All right, Isaac.
I'm counting on you.
It goes without saying
that demons can't outright
attack humans.
Hence the non-aggression pact's
painfully uncreative name.
But I can't come up with
anything that stops our demons
from digging holes and
accidentally dispersing
irritants on the enemy.
[HENCHMEN yell]
[HENCHMAN B]
Ah! My eyes!
[HENCHMEN cough]
[AILEEN]
Jeez, Isaac!
Really testing the limits of
the non-aggression pact!
[HENCHMAN C sneezes]
And now the only thing left
to do is hand them over
to the knights.
[AILEEN] This should keep Lord
Claude from going dragon-mode,
so mission accomplished.
Still, I'm a little
concerned as to why Lilia
and the others weren't
where I thought they'd be.
Back away! [grunts]
[AILEEN]
Sir Keith!
Time to stand down.
You again!
I come with the power of
the Holy Sword Maiden!
[BELZEBUTH]
You don't scare me!
Wait! Be careful!
[LILIA yells]
[BELZEBUTH]
How?
[grunts]
Oh, no.
I only meant to
use it as a diversion!
No, Belzebuth!
[CÉDRIC]
Don't look sad, Aileen.
Now I'm one step closer to
making you my second wife.
Huh?
Please, let's talk this over!
Human! Let her go!
We need Lady Aileen!
Our lord needs Lady Aileen!
[blow lands]
[CLAUDE]
What's wrong?
Tell me everything.
Lady Aileen was kidnapped.
Prince Cédric wants her
as his second wife.
Before we discuss this further,
I need you to know that
I betrayed you, my lord.
Lady Aileen graciously
used her resources
to construct a plan to help
me repent for my crimes.
And I repay her by allowing that
scoundrel to steal her away.
[CLAUDE]
Please tend to Bel.
Also, I know precisely
where the tea leaves are.
It's how to brew them
that perplexes me.
What is the meaning of this?
It's rather simple--this is
the one way I can convince
the emperor to accept Lilia.
You wouldn't dare!
I don't want my
Lilia to hear this.
Be an obedient little wife
and don't resist me.
Oh, how my brother's
steely look will fracture
when he hears about this!
[AILEEN] My life is in danger,
and the only thing
I can think about is him.
It's almost like...
I've fallen in love.
[ALMOND] In here! I have eyes
on the lady, my lord!
Let him see.
[AILEEN]
Lord Claude.
You came for me.
[CÉDRIC grunts]
Brother! Calm yourself!
You... monster!
[AILEEN] This is the demon
lord awakening event!
And somehow I'm the trigger!
[LILIA]
We're here, Cédric!
[CÉDRIC]
Lilia! Ready the sword!
He's transforming,
just as we planned!
That brother of mine
is as good as gone!
[AILEEN] If they defeat him,
Lilia will be accepted
as empress.
That's what Cédric meant!
We played right into their hand!
Tell me what you did to Aileen.
How dare you lay hands on my--
[CLAUDE grunts]
Please don't fret,
Lord Claude, I'm all right!
[CLAUDE]
Don't look.
You can't see me like this!
It's far too late. I'm--
[CLAUDE yells]
Claude! Stop!
[LILIA]
Poor creature.
It's such a shame that
it had to come to this.
Fear no longer.
I will release you
from your pain!
[LILIA yells]
Have you lost
your mind entirely?
Even if it's true that the holy
sword doesn't affect humans--
[AILEEN] I certainly hope
that's true, though this pain
isn't any indicator!
It hurts like absolute hell!
I should mention,
I have the blood
of a Holy Sword Maiden, as well.
And I won't sit and watch
as you slaughter him!
Instead, I'll take the holy
sword and make it mine!
Huh? How is that possible?
[AILEEN grunts]
[AILEEN]
Isn't it obvious?
I'm the protagonist
now, not you.
Don't fear,
I'm coming, Lord Claude.
You look--very
impressive like this.
Though as much as
I would like to,
taming you in this form would
prove quite challenging.
Don't you agree?
A disparity in size this
monumental would make daily life
as husband and
wife rather difficult.
And look, you got your wish.
You got to see me cry.
There's no one I'd rather
be the culprit of my tears.
Now, if you love me,
grant my wish.
Please come back.
[AILEEN] An ending that
wasn't in the game.
An ending where humans
and demons live together
in harmony.
I promise, I'll find it for you.
[AILEEN gasps, yelps]
[RUDOLF] The doctor says
it's merely overwork.
[CLAUDE]
I see.
[RUDOLF] Aileen has graciously
agreed to keep Prince Cédric's
despicable actions quiet.
In exchange, he has lost
his right to the throne,
while your right
has been reinstated.
I'm not interested
in any throne.
My daughter's been raised
to become the empress
since she was a child.
She's spent years of
her life readying herself
for the position.
Call me a doting father,
but I believe my daughter
is special beyond compare.
Therefore, the only hand
I intend to unite with hers
is that of the emperor's.
I understand.
Then the emperor
is what I shall become.
Look! The couple of the hour!
[CROWD chatters]
[RUDOLF]
Claude Jeanne Elmir.
As of this day, you hold
the title of Crown Prince.
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche.
As a prime candidate
for future empress,
will you accept this
proposal of engagement
from the Crown Prince Claude?
With the whole of my
heart, soul, and mind.
[CROWD clapping]
Oh?
You're terribly quiet,
Second Prince Cédric.
I imagine your brother would
appreciate your support.
--Aileen, my dear.
--Hm?
--[CROWD gasps]
--[NOBLE A] Magic?
[NOBLE B]
Just like at the ball!
You've enraptured our guests;
all eyes are glued to us!
I enjoy seeing how you
react to my whims.
If you're uncomfortable,
you could run away.
Run away?
Poor word choice for a
commitment ceremony!
In a world of heroes
and knights,
it was me who tamed you!
And I'll never let you escape!
[AILEEN]
This life is amazing!
Who cares if a million more
obstacles get in my way.
We'll have an incredible
time trampling them
to the ground together!
[AILEEN]
That's right.
For the legendary villainess,
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche,
it is not game over!